hello everyone I hope you go
well today you find yourself for a
little video a little bit special in
effect you are more and more numerous
to join us on the Gérald chain
caillat and who says more and more
many also says a lot more of
Questions
over the days a lot more of
private messages that you send from
interrogations finally brief I decided to
bring together in a little top 3 what you
can send us the most over
days to try to answer it and that's it
start right away friends it's
in the top three we find a
question that you were asked vault is
come twice that's the request for
career path you are good
to tell him but what did you do
to be streamer cherifia there
I want to tell you it does not exist
Bac +5 streaming or license the
bee doo now so we have all
two followed different paths in
Anyway, I have a ferry and I have
also started a license to
Chinese I did a year in a
multimedia school size dollars and then
we have sky who does not graduate from engineering
so
so that's to say that arrested
ask ourselves this question these questions
everyone but what have you done
when studying to be able to stream its
crew doing zero study has for streamed
China team that's because we seized
the opportunities the opportunities we
offered the victory
this is all top two others have a
kind of melting pot of question we
I ask myself very often so I tried to
make a generality in fact of
generalize all of that the issues of
subscribers who tell us is what we
can you do me some advertising is this
that you can accept as a friend is what
this war is actually a game with
I do it a program I think
it's totally awesome genialissime
exciting for both no no no
no no you have to stop with these
issues we suffer the issues
we always ask
we say here I'm going to start the tough ones
but not stupid if I'm going to start a
youtube channel i'm leaving project why
not to make some gains with your
stories we exchange our subscribers and
that we exchange our community
while I do not have anything against
usually if you have not yet
launched your youtube channel a year ago
either agree or extreme did not want to
community you do not have first and
so the exchange must be anyway
equivalent after a while must we
not take us too much for hams
premium pork is ok
so here we have a lot of questions
we are fighting it's not for not wanting
to add also people in friend is that
on lol you know that his capped at 300
after 300 friends ben it's over
the game tell you no he was a failure
friends and suddenly we can not I
am obliged is what she knows how to speak
to keep some good places for for
keep players for tournaments
for events and so stop it's not
obvious so that's why you have to
stop asking us this kind of questions
it's not that we do not want it
often we can not and for the
partnership requests the requests of the
changes dozen cows an ex state it
should try to see beforehand if
it's possible to try to have a
minimum coherence because there are
moments we ask ourselves questions on
doubs out here I'm reading you I'm the one
say here is a mom at the top
1 the top of the top of the top of the question
what the fuck we've ever been asked
that we will not always ask I think it's
your technical problems is your
installation problems it's your
ac2 problems account your problems of
banneux to the mayor we are games
is not less than youtube to
casteurs we are human beings
and when we receive a truthful and
questions the questions of the messages
private who say it
hello giret dsk yard so here I am
ask the little question I made myself
acquired my account for three days the
guy changed my email address and where he
stole everything I do not know what to do
and months and months at the lega aloha
where we can not help you at play
I mean it does not work we are not
not part of the after sales service we do not
can not part sour cherry we are
independent people we can not you
help is like when you install
a game and that we have many times
never asked installed on the game we
do not know the guy he is but
here I installed gran turismo 5 I do not
do not know what and I do not understand my
flying did not read through ps3 yet
help
apps or recipients I do not know if
it's incredible I do not understand taking
ask me these kinds of questions to friends
to forums via google there was a trick
it's like it's exactly like
you were in this situation and
hello lady baker here I am
am going to buy this guitar is there
the agreement class and so I come to you
you can see me all repaired
just because I was told you
were wanting to handle this was
perfectly illogical
that's if I made this little video
it is to avoid being asked
the future the same questions you know
that we usually try to answer
very often as often as possible
whether it's me or sky hard but it's
especially on social networks when we
leads take a look at youtube
we do not have much time and then we have
still a lot of requests it's not
to stop or whatever but
it is true that we have still not bad
ask after a while
put end to end it does not hurt
things here I hope this video
you will have liked you will have done at least
smile I hope if we put in
red sprout to you will be used I
you make big big kisses I you
invite to subscribe to the channel as
I usually give you big kisses
on the tip of the muzzle and dressed to very
soon turn cha cha